Today on "Sesame Street,"
we're gonna see
lots of shapes.
Oh, Square, Square,
excuse Elmo, excuse Elmo.
Thank you.
Now, as Elmo was saying,
there's gonna be lots
of shapes--
Oh, oh, oh, Circle, Circle,
Circle, excuse Elmo.
Thank you. Ha ha!
Now, Elmo can tell
that-- Oh, oh!
Oh, Triangle!
Oh, excuse Elmo.
Elmo's trying to talk
about shapes, OK?
Oh.
Hey. Wait a minute.
Triangle, Square,
and Circle are all...
All: Shapes.
Come on! Let's see
some more shapes
on "Sesame Street"!
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Sunny day sweeping
the clouds away ♪
♪ On my way ♪
♪ To where the air is sweet ♪
♪ Where the air is sweet ♪
♪ Can you tell
me how to get ♪
♪ How to get
to Sesame Street? ♪
♪ La la la la la
la la la la ♪
♪ How to get
to Sesame Street? ♪
♪ La la la la la la
la la la la ♪
Kids:
Sesame Street!
Hey, welcome
to Sesame Street.
It's lunchtime around here,
so, right now,
I'm gonna give Telly
his lunch--
a grilled cheese sandwich.
Whoa, boy. Ho ho.
Look. It's cut into the most
delicious shape of all--
triangles! Yum.
W
I have no idea.
Oh!
Who
The name's Minnesota Mel,
and I'm here
on one of my...
patented, high-stakes
adventures.
Hey, adventures?
What kind of adventure?
It's called...
"Minnesota Mel
and the golden triangle
of destiny."
The golden triangle
of destiny just happens to be
the rarest,
most beautiful triangle
in the whole wide world.
- No!
- Yes!
I wish I could see it.
Behold...
the golden triangle of destiny.
Look at those
three golden sides--
Telly:
One, two, three.
Chris:
Hey, and check out
those three blinged-out angles.
One, two, three.
That's the most beautiful
triangle I've ever seen.
You bet it is, kid,
and that's why I won't rest
until I find...
the golden triangle
of destiny.
Legend has it that this rare
triangle is hidden right here
on Sesame Street.
Oh, boy. Where is it?
Where is it?
- I don't know yet.
- D'oh!
But don't worry.
I will stop at nothing
to find the golden triangle
of destiny.
Oh! Ow!
Ooh. Looks like
he stopped at something.
Oh!
What's wrong,
Mr. Minnesota Mel?
I got a charley horse. Ow!
Oh, but...
that won't stop you
from finding
the golden triangle
of destiny, right,
Mr. Minnesota Mel?
Yes, it will.
It burns. Ow!
Oh, no. No.
What about
the golden triangle?
Sorry, Telly.
You're gonna
have to wait
till Minnesota Mel's
leg feels better.
Wait? I can't wait.
I've got to find
that triangle.
You do?
Chris, get ready for...
Texas Telly and the golden
triangle of destiny.
OK.
Now, to look...
for the triangle of destiny.
Oh, triangle of destiny!
Where are you,
triangle of destiny?
What's that?
I have no idea.
Oh, just a giant boulder.
- A giant boulder!
Run!
I'm running!
Aah!
Run, Telly!
Run!
Hey. Why do you guys
keep running away?
Well, basically,
we don't want to get
- smooshed by a giant boulder.
- Uh-huh.
There's a giant boulder here?
Where
You're the giant boulder.
Oh, yeah. I forgot.
It's like I got rocks
in my head or something.
Anyway, I'm not here
for smooshing purposes.
I'm here to give you a clue.
Oh, boy. What's the clue?
What's the clue?
In order to find
the golden triangle
of destiny,
you need to look
under something.
Oh, boy. "Under."
I've got to start looking
"under."
Well, good luck
with your adventure.
Now it's time
for this rolling rock
to rock and roll.
See you.
- Bye.
Let's see.
To find the golden
triangle of destiny,
I have to look
under something.
What could I look under?
What?
- Sounds-- Right now, right now.
- It sounds so familiar.
Oh, hey, there it goes.
It's just a snake.
Hey, it's a snake. Hey.
Snake. Why did it
have to be a snake?
Monster. Why did it
have to be a monster?
Chris: Hey there,
there, snaky friend.
This is a nice monster.
Yeah, thank you.
Snake: Oh, good,
because I have your next clue.
Oh, what is it?
What's the clue?
Laundromat.
Laundromat
Where am I ever gonna find
a laundromat on Sesame Street?
Right there.
Oh, yes. You found it.
Great job, Chris.
What's going on?
Aah!
Oh!
Ugh!
Shh, shh, shh!
Wait a minute.
It's Texas Telly.
You've heard of me.
Heard of you?
You're a legend.
Well, that's
all true, I guess--
What are you doing
in the laundromat,
Texas Telly?
Ooh, ooh!
I bet he's here
on an adventure.
You're here
on an adventure, right?
What's the adventure?
I'm here to find...
the golden triangle of destiny!
Ooh, your own
heroic music theme.
And I have two clues
to help me find the triangle.
What are they?
What are the clues?
The first clue is that
it's under something,
and the second clue is
"laundromat," so I thought
I'd look under some things
here inside the laundromat.
We can look
under these clothes.
Oh. Not the clothes--
- Yeah!
- Yes!
Not the clothes--
It's gonna take me
a long time to clean up
after this adventure.
Oh, we'll never
find that triangle.
We've looked under everything.
Not everything.
You can look
under that bottle
of fabric softener.
I'm texas Telly...
I'm texas Telly.
Wow.
Whoa. Look at that.
I've got it.
- Run, Texas Telly! Run!
Oh! Oh! Oh!
Aah! Ohh! Aah!
This is the messiest adventure
I've ever seen.
Here he comes.
Texas Telly did it!
He found...
the golden triangle
of destiny!
Wait a minute.
What's wrong?
This is not a triangle.
A triangle has three sides,
and this has...
Murray:
One, two, three, four,
five, six, seven, eight.
What in the world kind
of shape has eight sides?!
Oh! It's called
an octagon.
That's it. I give up.
I can't do it.
I can't find the golden triangle
of destiny.
And, I don't want
to hear that music anymore!
Ow.
Ow, ow.
Ow, ow, ow, ow.
What's wrong, Telly?
There's something pointy
in this chair
that keeps poking me.
- Yeah.
What is it?
Oh, I don't know.
Let me check
under this cushion and see.
It's--it's...
the golden
triangle of destiny.
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa--
Wait a minute. Wait a minute.
We have to count the sides
to make sure it's a triangle.
One, two, three.
It has three sides, and look,
it has one, two, three--three
angles.
That means it's...
Ow. Ow--
The golden triangle
of destiny.
I've finally found it.
You found it?
Wait a minute.
Telly found that triangle.
It belongs to him.
Well, he would have never known
about this triangle
if it weren't for me.
Murray: Yeah,
but Texas Telly found it.
Sorry. It's mine.
Telly's!
Mine!
Hold it!
The golden triangle
of destiny
doesn't belong to me
or to Minnesota Mel.
Huh?
Well, who does it
belong to?
The museum
of triangular history,
a place where everyone
can come and see it.
That's a great idea, kid.
And so ends
the adventure
of Minnesota Mel--
and Texas Telly...
Both:
and the golden triangle
of destiny.
Do you know
what time it is?
♪ Hold tight ♪
♪ It's time for the letter
of the day ♪
♪ That's right ♪
♪ It's time for the letter
of the day I say ♪
♪ Because the letter
of the day ♪
♪ Is on its way, hey ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ It's time to sing ♪
♪ It's time to tweet ♪
♪ It's time to get up
on your feet ♪
♪ And give a cheer ♪
♪ Loud and clear ♪
♪ 'Cause the letter
of the day is here ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ It's here ♪
♪ The letter
of the day is here ♪
Abby:
It's the letter, "S"!
Yay, "S"!
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ It's here ♪
♪ The letter of the day
is here ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ It's here ♪
♪ 'Cause the letter
of the day is here ♪
All: "S"!
Abby:
"S" is for shapes.
♪ There on the floor ♪
♪ Is a shape
moving towards me ♪
♪ What is the shape? ♪
♪ Tell me please,
oh, what can it be? ♪
♪ It's not a circle ♪
♪ And the shape's
not a square ♪
♪ What is the shape? ♪
♪ What's the shape
that is dancing there? ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ It's a shape
that is so fine ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ Yeah, the shape drives me
out of my mind ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ How it moves
and how the shape slides ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ What's that shape? ♪
♪ Come on, come on,
let's count the sides ♪
♪ One, two, three ♪
♪ Four and Five ♪
♪ Sides you can count on ♪
♪ A five-sided shape ♪
♪ Well, you know ♪
♪ It's a pentagon ♪
♪ Pentagon, pentagon ♪
♪ Yeah ♪
♪ Ohh ♪
♪ Wait, pump the brakes ♪
♪ A new shape's
moving towards me ♪
♪ What is the shape? ♪
♪ What's the shape? ♪
♪ It's a mystery ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ Now ♪
♪ It's a shape
that is blazing ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ Man, that
shape is amazing ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ How it flows
and how the shape glides ♪
♪ Ooh, check that shape ♪
♪ What's that shape? ♪
♪ Come on, come on ♪
♪ And count the sides ♪
♪ One, two, three ♪
♪ Four, five, six ♪
♪ Seven, eight ♪
♪ Sides you can count on ♪
♪ An eight-sided shape ♪
♪ Well, you know,
it's an octagon ♪
♪ Octagon, octagon ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Oh, oh, oh ♪
♪ Ooh, check those shapes ♪
♪ Check those shapes ♪
♪ Check those ♪
♪ Ooh, ooh, ooh ♪
♪ Check those shapes ♪
Male voice:
The following preview
has been rated "TP"
for task persistence.
♪ Yo ho, yo ho ♪
♪ A cookie snack for me ♪
Male voice: Cookie monster is
Captain Snack Sparrow
in "Cookies of the Caribbean."
He was a pirate
who wouldn't give up
until he found the treasure.
Me got to find
Davy Jones' cookie jar.
Male voice:
But finding that treasure
was much harder
than he thought.
- Capitán Snack.
- Yeah.
¡Mira!
The map says
that the treasure
is in there.
Oh, boy, oh,
boy, oh, boy, oh, boy-- Ooh!
Oh!
Why this cave not open?
The map shows two hands
holding triangles.
Just like those.
- Yeah. Over there.
Oh! Uh, but, uh,
these hands empty.
Mira, Capitán.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- Shapes!
- There!
- Ooh!
Yeah. Maybe we need
to find the triangles
and put them
on the hands
just like in the map.
Good thinking.
Me got it.
Me on this.
Ooh! That nice shape.
Capi--
Hey. Why cave throw
shape at me?
Because that shape,
Capitán,
Has one, two,
three, four sides.
It's a square.
You need to focus
and find a shape
with one, two,
three sides--
a triangle.
Yeah, but how me do that?
How me focus?
You're a pirate,
Capitán Snack.
Use your pretend spyglass
and focus on the triangles.
Me give it try.
Hmm. Oh. Yeah. It working.
Yes. Me focus on triangles.
Ooh! There good one.
Oh! That another one.
- Oh, boy, oh, boy.
- A triangle!
OK.
Oh, boy, oh, boy,
Oh, boy, oh, boy!
Oh! Why this cave
not open more?
Let's look
at the map, Capitán.
Davey Jones: You're getting
too close to me cookie jar.
I'm changing the rules.
Heh heh heh.
The shapes in the hands
turned orange.
Do you know
what this means?
Scurvy!
- No.
- No, not scurvy.
No, it means we have
to think differently
- and focus on the color.
- OK.
Yes!
and put the orange
shapes in them.
Oh, well, then,
what we waiting for?
But-- Oh.
Hey. Why cave
throwing shapes again?
Pero por favor,
Capitán Snack.
You put in something
that wasn't orange.
Oh, sorry. Me thought
we still doing
- triangle thing.
- No, no.
No. Oh, boy,
this so frustrating!
You know what?
- Me give up.
- Wha--
Never, Capitán!
You need to use your spyglass
and focus on the color orange
and only put orange shapes
in the hands.
- Cookie Monster: Orange
- Pirate: Orange. Yes.
Cookie Monster:
Orange.
- Orange.
- Ooh! That orange!
- That orange!
- Orange. Yes.
OK.
That's all
the orange shapes, Capitán.
Look! The cave is opening!
Where?
- There!
- Ooh!
Let's go get
Davy Jones' cookie jar!
Yes, Capitán!
Male voice:
Thrill as Captain Snack
finally gets his treasure.
Oh, boy, oh, boy, oh, boy!
Ouch. Me think
narrator spoke too soon.
Davy Jones!
That's right,
and if you want
my cookie jar,
then listen to me shanty.
♪ One of these things
is not like the others ♪
♪ Yo ho ♪
♪ One of the these
things, yo ho ♪
♪ Doesn't belong ♪
Ha ha ha! But you'll never
find which one doesn't belong.
It's too hard!
Give up!
OK. Bye-bye.
Wait a minute!
If me learn one thing today,
it that me never give up.
So, let me focus.
Cookie Monster:
There a crab, clam,
lobster, parrot.
You'll never be
able to see it!
Well, me-- see!
That the answer!
Cookie Monster:
Lobster, clam, and crab
all live in the sea,
but not the parrot.
Yeah, parrot live in tree.
Hee hee! Wha-- Oh, no!
You did it!
You defeated me!
Oh, no!
Yeah. Me focused...
and me finally get
Davy Jones' cookie jar.
- Come on.
- Yes.
Parrot: Rawk!
Polly want a cookie.
Wait!
Male voice:
Will Captain Snack Sparrow
ever get Davy Jones'
cookie jar?
Find out when "Cookies
of the Caribbean" sails
to a theater near you.
♪ It's time to get up ♪
♪ And stomp your feet ♪
♪ To this great foot-stomping
Transylvanian beat ♪
♪ Start nice and slow ♪
♪ One ♪
♪ Two ♪
♪ Then speed up more ♪
♪ One, two, three, four ♪
♪ Then stomp away ♪
♪ 'Cause we're
about to find out ♪
♪ The number of the day ♪
♪ So what's the number?
Stomp, stomp ♪
♪ What's the number?
♪ What is the number? ♪
♪ The number of the day ♪
♪ Uh-huh ♪
♪ You're about to see ♪
♪ The number of the day is... ♪
♪ Three ♪
♪ So that's the number,
stomp, stomp ♪
♪ Yes, that's the number,
♪ That's the number,
stomp ♪
♪ The number of the day ♪
♪ That's the number,
stomp, stomp ♪
♪ That's the number
of the day ♪
Three!
Now let's stomp
three times
♪ One, two, three ♪
Ah ah ah!
All: Three!
One...
Two...
Three!
One, two, three!
One...
Two...
Three!
One, two, three!
One...
Two...
Three!
One, two, three!
♪ La la la la
la la la la ♪
♪ Elmo's full
of wonder ♪
♪ Wonder what
we will discover ♪
♪ In Elmo's
wonderful world ♪
Ha ha ha! Hi!
Welcome to Elmo's world!
Oh, guess what Elmo
is wondering about today.
Wait for it.
Wait for it!
Oh, ho ho ho! Shapes.
- Hi, Circle.
- Hi!
- Hi, Rhombus.
- Yo!
Oh! Elmo loves shapes
and wants to find out
more about them.
Hey! Let's ask
Elmo's friend, Smartie.
Let's call her together.
Elmo and kids:
♪ Oh, Smartie ♪
( Smartie playing
"Elmo's Song" )
- Hiya, Elmo.
- Oh! Hi, Smartie.
Check out my screen!
Each button is
a different shape!
That's perfect, Smartie,
because Elmo wants to learn
all about shapes today!
Well, what we do
to learn something new?
All:
We look it up!
Here we go.
Shapes are all around us.
Look around,
and you can see shapes
like circles,
squares,
and triangles.
A stop sign has eight sides.
That's called an octagon.
Shapes can even be put together
to make other shapes.
Like, these two squares
go together
to make one rectangle.
We can even use shapes
to play games
like hopscotch.
All that info really rounds out
my knowledge about shapes.
Rounds?
- Ha ha!
See you later, Elmo.
Bye-bye, Smartie.
Thank you.
Ha ha! Hey!
That gives Elmo an idea.
Oh, ho. Let's play
a game together.
Yeah! Come on,
come on. Ha ha!
Ha ha ha! Ha ha ha!
Ha ha! Can you help Elmo
find all the circles
in this picture?
Come on! Let's play.
Kid:
I see circles!
Kid 2:
Look out the window.
Oh, yeah.
The sun is shaped
like a circle.
Elmo:
Let's find another circle.
Kid:
Look on the table.
Is this cereal box
shaped like a circle?
Kid:
No. That's shaped
like a rectangle.
How about this?
Kid 2:
Yeah. That's a circle!
Elmo: Yeah! Are there
any more circles
in the kitchen?
Kid:
I see one! It goes,
"tick-tock."
Elmo: Oh, yeah.
The last circle is the clock.
Thank you for helping
Elmo find the circles.
Oh, ho ho ho!
Boy, shapes are so cool-- oh,
and that makes Elmo
wonder even more.
Oh. Does Mr. Noodle
know about shapes?
Oh, let's ask him.
Ha ha hee hee!
♪ Hey, Mr. Noodle ♪
Oh, ho ho!
It's Mr. Noodle's sister,
Ms. Noodle.
Oh. Hi, Ms. Noodle.
Ms. Noodle,
Elmo was wondering.
Can you show us
some shapes?
- Kids: Yeah!
Kids:
Show us a triangle, Ms. Noodle.
Kid:
No, Ms. Noodle.
Kid 2:
That's not a triangle.
Elmo: That's a really nice
picture frame, Ms. Noodle,
but Elmo sees a rectangle.
Yeah. A rectangle
has four sides.
Elmo and kids:
One, two, three, four.
Kid:
Keep looking for a triangle.
Kid 2:
You can do it!
Kids:
No, Ms. Noodle.
Elmo:
That sandwich is a square,
not a triangle.
What's she doing?
Oh, ho ho ho!
Look what Ms. Noodle did!
She made a triangle.
Yeah, baby!
That's a triangle
because it has three sides.
Elmo and Kids:
One, two, three.
Kids:
Yay, Ms. Noodle! You did it!
Elmo: Yay! Ms. Noodle
made two triangles
out of one square.
Great job, Ms. Noodle!
Thank you
for showing us triangles.
Bye-bye!
Boy! Learning new things
makes Elmo so happy,
it makes him want
to dance!
Come on!
♪ Happy, happy
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn
something new ♪
♪ We do the happy
dance, dance ♪
Let's see
your happy dance
Yeah! Cool!
See you next time!
Keep learning!
Elmo loves you!
♪ Happy, happy
dance, dance ♪
♪ When we learn
something new ♪
♪ We do the happy
dance, dance ♪
Yay!
Hope you had fun
finding out
about shapes
with us today,
right, Telly?
Yes, especially my favorite.
Triangles.
Say, Triangle,
I've always wanted to ask
what's your favorite shape?
- Mm-hmm.
Wow! I never thought
about that before.
Oh, wait. I know.
Is there a Telly shape?
I don't know,
but that is
about the kindest thing
any shape has ever said to me.
Well, bye-bye.
See you next time
- on "Sesame Street."
- Aw.
♪ Come on and move your body ♪
♪ And use your mind ♪
♪ 'Cause you know
you are growing ♪
♪ All the time ♪
♪ You're getting smarter ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On Sesame Street ♪
♪ Be kind at home,
and when you play ♪
♪ Try some sharing
and caring every day ♪
♪ You're getting smarter ♪
♪ Smarter ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ On Sesame Street ♪
♪ Smarter ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ Stronger ♪
♪ Kinder ♪
♪ Hey, hey ♪
♪ On Sesame Street ♪
♪ Yeah ♪